Custom Authorization Policy Sample
==================================

This small sample demonstrates how to use `IAuthorizationPolicyProvider` to 
dynamically produce authorization policies.

In the simple example, a `ProjectPolicyProvider` will produce
policies for any project name (based on the policy's 
name). This demonstrates a slightly round-about way to allow 'parameterized' 
authorization policies. Since authorization policies are identified by 
name strings, the custom `ProjectAuthorizeAttribute` in the sample 
allows users to specify a project name parameter and then embeds it into its 
underlying `AuthorizationAttribute`'s policy name string. The 
`ProjectPolicyProvider` dynamically generates the policies needed for use 
with these attributes by pulling the project name from the policy name and creating 
necessary authorization requirements.

Other uses of `IAuthorizationPolicyProvider` might be loading policy 
information from some external data source (like a database, for example).

Notice that ASP.NET Core only uses one authorization policy provider, so 
if not all policies will be generated by the custom policy provider, it 
should fall back to other policy providers (like `DefaultAuthorizationPolicyProvider`).

To use the sample:

1. Run the app
2. Navigate to http://localhost:5000/
3. Attempt to follow one of the project links
4. Sign in by providing a user name
5. Notice that depending on the first letter of the user name entered, 
pages guarded by project authorization policies will either be accessible or forbidden.

The interesting classes for this sample are in the Authorization folder.